And then, the bridegroom said that she was Okinu,
and that she was the daughter-in-law.
But the old lady said that she was the father,
and that she was the bad grandmother.
Yes, I heard that.
And the old lady said that she was the daughter-in-law.
And she wanted to take the blame, so I was in a fight.
That's right.
But there was a person named Hansai.
He was like a Buddha, you know.
I see.
And there was a person named Shinanoya next to us,
and there was a girl named Ohan who was his bride.
And this Choeemon was the one who took care of the bridegroom
in the house next to the stone wall.
That's right.
I can't go to Choeemon either
I can't go there as a master
I can't go there if I do something with my daughter
Don't be so hard on me
I'll go to Kyoto soon
I'll talk to her
Thank you for your kindness
Goodbye
There was a man who was very easy
He got on the train and went to Kyoto
He left the station in Kyoto
He was going to visit here and there
He visited here and there
He is Oshikoji
He is still in Obia
I'm sorry
It's my pleasure
I'm from Osaka
Thank you for your kindness
Here is your tea
Thank you
I heard that you are going to be famous
What?
I'm going to talk to my family
Hey, Banto
Don't hide it
I'm not going to hide it
But I'm going to ask you
I'm from Choeemon
Who?
Is it a mistake?
I'm not saying anything
I'm from Okinu
The man in front of me is Ohana
I'm not saying anything
I'm from Otosehan
I'm from Giei
I'm from Gutsumuzu
I'm from Inkyo
I'm next to you
I'm from Shinanoya
I was surprised
I thought you were Ohancho
Yes, I'm Ohancho
You were in Katsuragawa
What?
I wish I could have come earlier
I'm sorry